[Music]
the rains always bring new life to
northern Kenya animals everywhere start
new families and there's a sudden
increase in the number of young animals
around Impala fawns can walk within an
hour of being born and they can run and
dodge trouble within half a day they
proved way too nimble for the Cubs
during the last rainy season but toki
and sam boo now had a whole lot more
experience and speed on their side
[Music]
because of the unique relationship we
had with Toki in I was able to
move in close to share with them this
enormous ly significant event I had to
keep pinching myself to realize that the
Cubs were now all but living wild and
yet they allowed me to approach them
even at this sensitive moment really
weird mixture of emotions because whilst
it's always upsetting to see anything
killed especially a young animal I spent
so much time with these cheetahs and
frankly hoping that they're going to be
successful this is such a major majorly
towards independence it may sound crazy
but their success gave me an
overwhelming feeling of pride
you